*As an emotionally sensitive person/someone who needs emotional support, I hope the app can know how I feel at any time and be my companion.* Especially when I am depressed, I want the application to accurately capture my feeling and suggest me the most appropriate lists of music I should listen to on Spotify. The recommended playlists should include different styles of music I can choose from, such as quiet music that makes me calmed, sad music that helps me release my stress, and energetic music that cheers me up. Among the recommended playlists, I should be able to select the one I personally prefer. The software should detect any of my emotional change and switch the type of music being played accordingly.
In addition, since the application aims to solve a problem, I want it to take some other actions if things do not work out. For example,  regarding the case that I might being depressed continuously over a period of time, I want the application to give me more practical suggestions, such as getting more sleep, doing more exercise, communicating with friends and parents, etc. The contents of the advice given to me depend on my level of sadness. For instance, if I’m being depressed for more than ten days, then the application should suggest me something like “get some treatment”,  “go to a trip”  or some websites for people suffering from severe depression. I would also like to have the option to get those suggestions, reminders or “chicken soup for the soul” sent to me through my personal email or text message. 

